Good morning, everyone.
I wanted to take your photo, but then I was reminded of, you know, safe church rules and all that, so doing it with my brain.
It's so lovely to be here, and just to see so many people that I know and love, just such an exciting thing to see Gabby and Shari.
And lots of other people, but I haven't seen Gabby and Shari for a very long time, so that was just really lovely.
Congratulations on your 100th birthday.
It's coming up in October and we came here 30 years ago, pretty well in a couple of weeks, 30 years ago and it was coming up for the 70th birthday and that was going to be awesome as well.
So it turned out to be because look at all you and look at Skylog and let me tell you something about Skylog.
It's a bold thing that
Skylark is doing, led by Pete and Nikki.
It's bold.
And when people are bold and they move out into unknown spaces, there's always pressure.
There's pressure in terms of comfort.
There's pressure in terms of how you're seen by other people.
There's pressure financially.
There's pressure that you need prayer for.
There's always a lot of pressure.
But you know, what we just heard Chris and Linda speaking about is just one tiny
a part of what Skylark is wanting to do to give it home for the future.
And it's worth it for me to say this, that in the same way that if you go to London, which is the capital of England, if you go there, you can't say I've seen England.
You've only seen the capital of England.
And you haven't seen the Lakes District, and you haven't seen Cornwall, and you haven't seen Stonehenge, and you haven't seen... You haven't seen Chelmsford.
You know, there's a whole lot of things you haven't seen.
The Church of Jesus Christ is the capital of the Kingdom of God, but it is not the Kingdom of God, because the things that are being done by people like Linda and Chris and so many of you that are sitting here,
As soon as a person becomes a Christian, they receive a deposit of the Kingdom of Heaven.
And when we receive it, we can either hang it up in the wardrobe and bring it out like a coat when we go to church or when we go to a home group or we go somewhere that's a bit spiritual, or we can make an intentional decision to carry the Kingdom of Heaven wherever we go.
And that means
These guys, okay, they're doing things that we can say, yes, there's a massive amount of Christianity in that.
But if you're a bank manager, or if you check out Chick in Tesco, or whatever else it is that you're doing, if you intentionally make a decision to carry the kingdom of heaven with you into those places, that's the kingdom of heaven where you are.
And so it's a really big deal.
So I want to encourage you, yes, make a decision.
to let yourself understand that Skylark Network and Skylark Church are more than connected.
Like the network grew out of the church and often what happens is churches can grow out of networks, but it grew out of this vision that Maa Wiber had a long time ago when she'd never considered anything like what Skylark has become.
And so I want to say, give you prayers.
If you've got finances and you can see the vision of what's happening, give finances to the Sky Light Network.
Give your support, give encouragement.
Yesterday we had a whole lot of people, Christine and Tenney and a whole lot of other people whose names I don't know, who were just here providing the food and cleaning up and setting up and doing all the rest of it for the Sky Light Network.
And you know what, you might not be the person who can do that, but you can do something and you can pray
also for the leadership and the team of Skylight Network because never feel like they're all right because they're important.
No, actually they don't feel like they're important and they are not all right.
They've got all the same problems with their families and their kids and their finances and all the other things.
So I want to say what you have, make a decision to give to the Skylight Network as well.
whether it be prayers, whether it be finance, whether it be encouragement, whether it be physical support, whatever that might be, make a decision because this is your network and it's doing something that's really remarkable.
So don't take that on my time because that wasn't my time.
I'm always got a bit of a problem sort of making sure I stick to the times, but hopefully I generally mostly do.
So congratulations on being a hundred and we came here when Rick and I, we came here 30 years ago and that was pretty amazing but something that's been more amazing for me today has been that when I started to pray about what I could bring for this day and that was when I was in Australia, I, and the other person that's here too amazingly is Steve Crouch because he used to be our youth pastor back in the day and that's amazing and
Rachel Hegetis' husband as well.
I mean, there's stacks of people here that you don't even know, but for me it's kind of like a delight, you know, sorry.
Anyway, so I'm praying while I'm in Australia and saying, Lord, what do you want me to speak about?
And interestingly enough, the Lord reminded me that the first year that we were here, I had talked somewhat about the idea of living out of a cistern or living out of a fountain and out of wells.
It's been 30 years since I talked about that.
But then amazingly, as I began to pray, I felt like the Lord said to me, I want you to talk about that.
Now, obviously, it's not the same message, but it's the same idea.
So if you are one of the very few people that were here,
30 years ago, when I preached it, it'll be all right.
You've probably forgotten most of it.
And I'm speaking different, you know, it's coming from a different perspective now.
Because as I was saying yesterday, the view from 2026 as we look into this future is completely different than it was in 1996 when Rick and I came here.
And in 1926, when mass started, we are entering into a complex and very broken world.
And it has to be that the church understands why it's here and what it's here for.
We're not called to be in feedback loops that tell us that this is our enemy and these are the good people and these are the bad people.
No, we're called to be the people of God who are representing Jesus Christ in our district.
So anyway, so that's all my preambles.
But have you ever felt like you're on automatic pilot as a Christian?
You know, I have, I have a lot.
In fact, sometimes I've suddenly realized that I've been on automatic pilot for a while and I've been doing all the right things out of habit and because I know it's right and because it's my lifestyle and these are my friends and this is where I hang out with them but I'm not functioning out of a rich, strong, daily relationship with Jesus Christ.
And if I look at it closely, I see those are the times that I excuse the fact and listen to me
Those are the times when I excuse the fact that I'm not forgiving people that I'm upset with and I'm not acknowledging when I'm wrong and I'm gossiping and I've become a partner in allowing division to damage the work of the Lord and maybe I'm watching something that I don't really want Jesus to watch with me and I'm trying to get away with doing something that I know is wrong.
And when that happens, what it means is sometimes I've lost the current of the water of life that washes those wrong things away.
And the reason that that happens is because I have lost understanding of the connection to Jesus Christ and what that does.
Revelation 21 verse 6 says, he said to me, it's done.
That means I don't have to
do more stuff to make it be done because it is done.
It is done.
I am the alpha and the omega, the beginning and the end.
To him who is thirsty, I will give to drink without cost.
Some of us are broke, but it's not going to make any difference to get the water of life.
Some of us are really rich, but that doesn't make any difference to get the water of life because it says without cost from the spring of the water of life.
So being a recipient
and a source of the water of life is always a direct result of time spent with Jesus and having it wash away all the gunk that is in me because the washing away is current with me.
And he says it himself, John 414, Jesus says, but whoever drinks the water I give him will never thirst.
anybody thirsty out there for something more than what we've got right now.
Indeed, the water I give him will become in him a fountain, springing up unto eternal life.
And this is the thing that's really amazing about that because, you know, when we were in the prayer meeting and then again this morning when Nikki was worship leading, she was speaking about fountains and she didn't know I was speaking about fountains.
And I hadn't said to anybody, I'm talking about fountains or the water of life,
But it was something that the Holy Spirit is doing because it's important for us as a people to understand that right now.
John chapter 7, verse 37 and 38, on the last and greatest day of the feast, Jesus stood and said in a loud voice, if anyone is thirsty, if anyone is thirsty, let him come to me and drink
Whoever believes in me, as the scripture has said, out of his innermost being will flow rivers of living water.
So there's two criteria here.
There's thirst and there's belief.
You know what it is to suddenly be hydrated, but you didn't know it until you had a drink of water.
And then you found yourself drinking the entire glass down because you were dehydrated, but we often do not recognize the signs of dehydration.
Sometimes
A full glass of water is a remedy for a headache because a headache is a sign of being dehydrated.
And so the source of our spiritual refreshment is our ongoing connection with Jesus Christ.
But the choice to connect has to be now.
It can't be yesterday or last week or last year when I did a whole lot of work with the Lord and that order carry me through from now.
Only Jesus can quench spiritual dehydration, but we forget that.
And listen to me, we think that what we do in our Christian life is our Christian life.
And that's a bigger problem than we realize.
Jeremiah chapter two, verse 13, this is God speaking to the people.
This is Jehovah God.
My people have committed two sins, not two actually mistakes, but sins.
They have forsaken me, the spring of living water, and they have dug their own systems.
broken systems that cannot hold water.
And it's amazing to me how the Old and the New Testament come together because even in the Old Testament, here is God referring to himself as a spring of living water.
I think that's amazing.
But he's saying the problem is twofold.
First, they've forsaken this spring of living water.
And second is that they're developing something that's kind of like a counterfeit or a facsimile.
And this is the point, a facsimile is different from a well.
Yeah, can we go back to the system and the well together, the diagram?
Yes.
This is the point that a system is different from a well.
A system is a bottle-shaped tank that's cut into rock or it's hewn from masonry.
It's about 100 foot, can go up to 100 foot deep and it's plastered and it's concreted.
It's a tank for still water that's been collected
from the outside.
Basically, it's been fed by surface water, drainage, roof drainage, gutters and pipes catching rain, et cetera.
And so it flows in and then it gets bucketed out.
And they lived, and keep that up for a little while, actually, they lived in the desert where the water was precious.
It was a desert land.
The summers were long and dry.
There were very little rainfall and very few springs.
Some people had private systems in their backyard.
back gardens to catch the water.
And towns had huge public ones.
In fact, in Jerusalem, there was one that held between two and three million gallons of water.
But what happened was the water comes in from the outside and impurities are washed in as well as the water.
And so they're both, you know, it's water, but it's not pure water.
And so the tank's got to be cleaned regularly.
So that's a bit of a problem.
Then the tanks break.
And that's the bigger problem.
And it's a tragedy when the tank breaks because all the water is lost.
Not only does it leak out, but any incoming water as well is immediately lost into the ground.
And it leaves on a murky, muddy sediment at the bottom of the cistern where rats and snakes lived.
Broken systems were used as prisons.
In fact, if you read your Bible, both Joseph and Jeremiah, as well as many other people, were imprisoned in this kind of broken system.
And they're down there.
There is no way out.
The pictures that I
that I have of the systems do not give an adequate understanding.
In fact, in the book of Jeremiah, it talks about the fact that they had to throw down ropes and rags for him to put under his arms and then tie the ropes around and drag him back out.
There was no way out for somebody who was imprisoned in a system.
They would have died there, had not their captives changed their mind.
So this is my question.
How many people are prisoners
insistence of their own making.
Good Christian people who don't realize how dehydrated they've become, not understanding that they've lost the desire or the belief, the thirst to keep coming back to Jesus to drink the living water.
We build containers of our lifestyle and our values and our good behavior.
And we think that that's the same as a living and vital relationship with God who gave us his life.
It's not too much work to fill it up, actually.
It flows in from the outside through relationships and preaching and podcasts and the books we read and the feedback loop that we're in and the things that we learned back in the day.
But what we don't realize is that it's just cracked and it just keeps flowing away.
and life isn't there in us.
See, a well is very different.
A well puts in the effort.
A well has a drawers water up from underneath springs in the ground where nobody can see.
Nobody can see where that water is down there, but the well is drawing it up all the time.
And so therefore, because of the way a well functions, unless somebody chucks something in it, the water is always pure.
It's just an amazing thing.
And so through relationship with Jesus Christ, we've all been given the capacity for living water to become in us a fountain, springing up to eternal life.
It starts as a well.
Psalm chapter 1 talks about godly people being like trees planted by water, not relying on the rain, but putting in the effort
to draw deeply from the water source that's under the ground so the tree is healthy and strong.
And the idea is to draw the living water every day, all the time, through the root system as we're connected to Jesus Christ.
So what happens spiritually is that a miracle takes place as that well transforms because in us, it can become a fountain, not only watering us, but quenching the thirst of the people around us.
And this is the point, fountains and rivers
cannot be contained.
The water pours out as it's drawn in.
It's a transference of living waters into the thirsty person.
John chapter seven, verses 37, 38.
If anyone firsts, it's so easy to connect with the source.
The only criterion is first.
It is amazingly easy to disconnect as well without even realizing, I have done it more times than I can possibly count.
we have such a tendency to put things in boxes, including the things that the Lord gave us absolutely freely.
It's human nature to try and bottle living water in our own container so that it will save us time from continually pursuing this relationship every day.
with Jesus.
And so Isaiah chapter 12 verse 3 says, therefore with joy shall you draw water out of the wells of salvation.
Draw is a doing word.
It's a verb.
It requires effort to draw water, especially if we're going to do it with joy.
Because often we don't do it with joy in any way at all.
We do it with
miserableness and complaining and irritation and why is it always me and any number of other things.
But we think to ourselves, I'll draw enough to last me for a while.
So I won't have to keep going back all the time.
I'll make a little container to last me for a while.
I'll have a lifestyle, a set of values, my work in the church or in the organization that I'm part of, my ministry so that
I can have a rest from working on this relationship all the time.
Jesus is cool with that.
He's cool with that, he understands.
Listen, resting from a relationship with God has the same effect as taking a rest from a relationship with the person that you're married.
You gradually lose the closeness and you end up with only the format, the form work.
And every married couple
has to work against being happy families on the outside and hollow on the inside, and that can happen to any marriage or any relationship.
But by definition of that scripture in Jeremiah, our systems represent our loss of connection with God when other things crowd in, our ministry description, our rights and responsibilities, the way we want to be seen by all the people around us, our need to be acknowledged, our fear of losing comfort,
Those things so easily become our system, and for a while they seem to serve the purpose, but God loves us too much to allow us to continually get away with a facade disguised as a relationship with Him.
And so it's not too long before circumstances rise to challenge us, and our carefully constructed systems begin to show cracks.
And pretty soon it's clear that the water is draining away.
And we find ourselves frantically trying to pour more water in over the top, trying to keep things the way they ought to be, trying harder to do better.
And we're easily irritated and we get sick of people and church and trying to keep ourselves on the right path.
And we listen to disgruntled people who sow division and discord instead of unity.
And we find ourselves agreeing even though that's outside of our normal way of seeing things.
We keep up the performance, but that doesn't work.
And one day we find we just cannot perform effectively enough to compensate for our leaking cistern.
And the water level drops.
And the precious water is draining away into the subsoil.
And the bottom of our tank gets thicker and murkier and mudier and darker and we're depressed and irritable and unsatisfied with the things that we use to love.
We use our words to condemn
and to dismantle rather than to build and encourage.
And finally, we realized we're left alone in our self-made prison, knee deep in mud and snakes.
And if we're wise, maybe we might be calling out to God for help.
It's a very common problem.
We've all done it.
There's not a person sitting here that hasn't done it.
Maybe there's some of us that are in that place right now.
The Israelites did it with manner.
They were supposed to collect manner every day, but some of them were just like, you know what?
It's a real drag going out every single day to pick up the bread that God has given us, to keep us alive and well.
And so they collected extra so that it would last for two days, but the manner went moldy.
And we might think, I've had a really full on time with the Lord in this last season.
I've done so much and we've been so busy and I've had to wait on the Lord and doing all this stuff.
And so it's been really, but you know what, that should carry me through for a while.
The Lord knows I've been working really hard.
And so it's okay for me just to sit and watch Netflix all day instead, somehow or other within the context of our lives.
You may not have Netflix, but you know what I mean.
It's okay for me not to bother for a while.
not so much time to read my Bible.
I mean, I know my Bible.
I've read it so many times.
I've read it through so many times.
I don't need to read it today.
I don't really need to read it this week.
I mean, it's been a month or so since I read my Bible, but like they've been other times when I've read it all the way through.
So that will carry over without understanding that we just need to hear from the Lord today.
And today he's so multi-skilled and multifaceted that I can read the scripture that I've read a thousand times and he can tell me something different because I need to hear something different today.
And so not so much time to read my Bible, not so much time to spend with the Lord, not so much time to go to church, not so much time to speak, keep on speaking life.
When we try to keep our relationship with Jesus in a bucket instead of via direct
connection.
The water isn't alive anymore.
It's stale.
Jesus says, if anyone thirsts, let him come to me and drink and out of his very heart will flow rivers of living water like rivers.
And again, he says, but the water that I give him will become in him a fountain.
And Isaiah says, if you're thirsty, it doesn't matter if you're broke.
Come to the water.
It won't cost you anything except your life.
It will cost you life because the very act of thirsting for living water all the time, every day, listen to me, flushes out every other thirst that is not of God.
It flushes out all the impurities that have come in from how we live and where we live and who's around us and what's important to them.
It flushes all that out.
which is amazing.
And so that's why it costs us our life.
And that's why it's not a high price to pay because we don't want anything else because all those other things have been flushed away from out of our life.
And so the more we thirst for living water, the less we thirst for things that aren't right for us, for movies that the Holy Spirit wouldn't want to watch with us, for company and relationships that bring division and fear and disagreement, the toxic
fear-mongering that leads us to anxiety and panic, instead of this steadfast faith in the Christ who sets us free from all of that, and has called us to represent Him in the world that He has placed us in.
And because we are surrounded now, everywhere we look, some people don't watch the news anymore because they just don't want to know.
But I watch the news because I do want to know because God has called us to represent Him in a world that has lost its head.
But this is the thing, it lost its head the day, those two beloved parents lost one beloved son because the other beloved son murdered him.
From then, it's been crazy.
From that point, there's been terrible, there's been terror and brokenness.
Every generation of church is called to that place, to this world,
to be Jesus in it, not to point the finger and say, not you, you're not allowed in.
It's not that.
Now, what we're called to is to be Jesus Christ.
That means we can't afford to live in feedback loops.
The only feedback loop that we can afford to live in is the one that comes from the living water, that rushes through us, that makes us know nobody's our enemy.
God has called us to love our enemy.
We have to speak the kingdom words into situations.
And as we speak kingdom words in the kingdom situations, we are bringing kingdom
We're bringing kingdom.
It's so distressing to me to see the way the church has polarized itself and divided itself all across the world, choosing sides.
When Jesus Christ didn't choose sides, He came to all of us.
Every person on earth, every person ever born is created in the image of God.
And Jesus came to all of those people.
We divide ourselves off.
We partition ourselves into different places.
Jesus never did.
And do you know what?
The older and I've done that.
I've partitioned off and I've pointed fingers and I've done a whole lot of those things.
But the older I've become, the more I've understood Jesus did never do that.
And if I'm a follower of Jesus and not just a Christian, I better not do it either.
And so there's that thing that needs to take place in us because the toxic fear-mongering
that is leading people in the church to anxiety and panic is actually a denial of who Jesus Christ is in our lives and what he has called us, how he has called us to represent him.
Our source can only ever be Jesus Christ, no matter how elaborately we carve our systems and the lives that we developed.
They may look and feel the same for a while
But when we're living out of our own containers and drawing from the waters of our past experience and what we've studied and waters of a certain temperament and a habitual church life, when we're living out of waters that we've collected and stored rather than continuing a daily relationship with the living God, those containers will eventually crack and break from the pressure because we're not created to be able to live a godly life without God being there
all the time, not just within our sphere, but today on the inside.
And so bottles and jars cannot hold fountains and rivers.
Living waters rush through our lives and they bring cleansing and purifying and refreshing and all that can only come from an up close and personal relationship with Jesus Christ.
So it's not immediately obvious when someone is living out of their own system.
Like we've all gotten away with it many times.
but it's always obvious when they're not.
Those mighty springs and fountains pour water, living water out of their lives, giving refreshment to everyone around.
And those who get deep satisfaction from their own constant current relationship with Jesus Christ always become a channel of refreshing to the people around them.
Everyone around them is refreshed.
You spend time with them,
and you walk away feeling valued and encouraged, and that God isn't working your life, and that no matter what things you may lose or may have lost, you can trust God to carry you through.
Paul knew that.
He says, Philippians three, verses eight and nine, what is more, I consider everything a loss.
I don't know what it feels like to consider everything a loss.
I mean, how does it feel?
Like not a grief,
grief-style loss, but like none of this is important kind of loss.
What is more, I consider everything a loss because of the surpassing worth of knowing Christ Jesus, my Lord, for whose sake I have lost all things.
I consider them garbage, that I may gain Christ and be found in Him, not having a righteousness of my own that comes from the law.
Listen, I have been exhausted at times.
trying to live in righteousness without drawing it from God.
It's made me legalistic.
It's made me, it's broken me.
It's damaged other people.
Not having a righteousness of my own, but that which comes through faith in Christ, the righteousness that comes from God on the basis of faith.
Paul had worked very hard on his system.
His role as a man of God was well-defined.
People knew him as zealous and to uncompromising with God's law.
He's a Pharisee among Pharisees.
He's outstanding among his peers.
He's a powerful man on his way to the top of the religious structure.
And he built his system with great care, but it still broke.
Paul could have tried to repair it.
He could have tried to keep his reputation intact, make sure he kept his job and his title.
But he didn't.
He left it behind.
He just got up and walked away from it all and directly into the arms of the author and the perfecter of his faith who is Jesus Christ.
And as the years went on, when people went looking for Paul, they always knew where to find him.
they found Paul in him, in Christ.
No matter what the situation, no matter how hard his day or his year had been, this guy was whipped three separate times and each time it was 39 times.
Can you imagine that?
Can you imagine, just think about yourself enduring that for your faith in Christ and for the call on your life that
God has given to you which we all have.
When he was imprisoned for his faith, when he was betrayed by people who used to be his friends and his co-workers, when he was shipwrecked and floating more than 24 hours in the ocean and he's clinging to a piece of ship and he doesn't know if he's even going to get out of this or not.
They always found Paul in Christ.
because he had known what it was to develop and maintain a facade.
Particular behaviors to impress people and impress God with his fervor and his godliness.
And he suddenly realized how empty and broken and futile it all really was because it's just our system.
When he realized where the source lay, when he found that living water, he left that old broken system in the dust.
He left behind his reputation, his institutional power and authority, the admiration and the kudos that came from the people around him.
He left behind the dignity and the comfort and the applause of people, and he embraced Christ.
And in doing so, he become one of the greatest living testimonies to the power of Jesus Christ that we know.
There are many others, but we haven't read their books.
They've just lived and died over these past 2100 years, serving Christ with their lives.
many who died of it.
Being a Christian was never meant to be like everything's hunky dory and we're going to live happily ever after.
Jesus never promised that, but the church somehow has put that forward as maybe being a sweetener to get people to come in.
No, it's not about that.
It costs.
But it doesn't matter if it costs.
if there's a direct connection to the living water that's washing all the impurities out.
And the thing that says, no, I want to hold on to that.
There've been things where I've thought, no, I want to hold on to that.
But then you allow the living water to come.
It just flushes all the impurities away because we all have impurities.
And so he became a person out of him, flowed rivers and torrents and fountains of living water that have continued to refresh Christians 2000 years later.
And you know, there are times when people come looking for us.
They want to know what we're all about.
How authentic are we when you scrape it right down to the surface?
What's it like in the bad times?
Because sometimes in the good times, we can just keep it all balanced and it's all okay.
But how are you?
How am I in the really bad times?
You know, the good times disguise systems.
but bad times make it so obvious whether we're living out of a cistern or springs of living water.
So what do they see in here?
Does anybody know where Bev is?
Oh, she's over there in that shattered old cistern and she's screaming about all the rats and snakes.
And we threw her a rope, but she says, no, she can work it out herself.
She doesn't need help from you.
She's trying to mend the cracks and she's praying for rain.
I don't want that set of me.
I want them to say,
See where all that water's coming from?
You can't actually see her, but if you follow the water, she's in him.
I want that to be said about me.
I've got a few years left still for it because she's in him.
You'll find her in Christ when times are toughest, when she feels like no one cares about her, when she isn't the popular choice, when she's been overlooked or undervalued or betrayed by people that she loves.
She's in Christ.
That's how I want to be remembered.
I don't want to be remembered as somebody important.
I want to be remembered as somebody who's in Christ.
And honestly, I'm not always that, but it's my aim and it's my fervent desire.
And God keeps teaching me how to find my place in Him, not having a righteousness of my own from the system that I've created, but from the powerful flood of the Holy Spirit operating in my life, continually washing out all the junk that otherwise
keeps coming in, driving me to performance and driving me to legalism and driving me to working out who can be excluded and who can be included.
And it's only as we live our lives in him choosing to keep relying on his power and grace
to refresh our lives rather than our own ability to contain what we were once given that we will experience those times of deep refreshing and get to live in those wild and wonderful rivers.
And it's a relationship like any other.
You don't have to do anything special.
It just involves time and it has to be current.
It must always be current, but we don't have to do anything special.
Just be with him.
Just be together with him.
Stop where you are.
It doesn't matter what you're doing.
When you realize you're there, you can stop where you are and just say, Holy Spirit.
I've lost that living water.
I'm so sorry, Holy Spirit come.
Just come to me again.
And there he is.
There he is.
Like, that's mind blowing to me.
I had a dad.
It was always too busy.
And that actually, you know, always felt like I needed to earn my place in there.
But the Holy Spirit and our God, our Father, doesn't have to say, doesn't say to us, yeah, it's about time, finally.
Okay.
Well, just you sit there for a while and when I'm ready, I'm going to talk with you.
He doesn't say that.
It's like, yeah, come in.
immediate, it's an immediate thing.
We all are in the same boat.
We're too busy.
We're too tired.
We're too distracted to spend time with him.
But once we realize we've disconnected, it's so easy to come back, being found in him.
Not having a righteousness of my own, which is from the law, but that which is true faith in Jesus Christ.
That's our only way out of automatic pilot.
into the water that's alive with Christ.
And so the most powerful thing about this is that even though we do, like even if we do build systems, this is the astonishing thing.
Even when we do build systems, they're not going to keep us out of heaven.
That's a done deal.
We're welcomed in.
God welcomes us.
He's like, come in.
Don't bring your system with you, but you know, you can come in.
It's not going to stop us from arriving into eternity.
with Jesus Christ forever.
No, it will not stop that.
But drinking from the system that we created will never give us the rich, full satisfaction that we can experience from a daily connection with Jesus Christ through the power of His Holy Spirit.
If I am bored with my life, pay attention to what I'm saying.
If I'm bored with my life, my faith, my church, my ministry, if it all feels stale,
It's often because I haven't realized how dehydrated I am.
I'm doing all the same stuff, but without the richness of the one-on-one time with Jesus, and we can do all the right stuff on automatic pilot.
And that is a common trap that we all fall into.
And God doesn't hold it against us.
He doesn't say, take a number and get in line.
He doesn't say, sort your life out and then come back to me.
No, he's immediately there.
Unbelievably, we are now in the second quarter of the 21st century.
We're in times of deep uncertainty and suspicion and fear.
Jesus wants us to see things from his perspective, acknowledging the wrong, but not living in fear of it and not finding ways to make those, if we could just sort those people out, we'd be all right.
We call to represent him.
We call to represent him, not certain factions.
Living out of the richness of a relationship with Jesus Christ is the only way that we will be able to maintain our inner peace and live in the joy that he promises will give us strength to face these days that are ahead of us.
Don't ever say, oh, God's going to keep us from this.
No, no, I remember, I remember putting my kids in a Christian school in high school and then
they couldn't continue and so we had to put our kids in another school and and that happened a couple of times and then I remember they started they tried again and and one of the ladies that I knew she had a child in there and and she said well that's not going to happen to us though because God loves us too much.
I'm like yeah well you know I'm always kind of thought he loved us as well so there is that.
Listen there are people living and dying for their faith all over the world.
There are people in desperate situations which
You will know if you watch the news or read the news and watch it and read it with your hand over your heart and say, Lord, protect my heart as I read this.
But don't ignore it because the church is never called to be in an ivory tower, trying to keep its beautiful white dress from getting muddied by the mud of the world.
We are called, Jesus was incarnated into the world as a human being so that
He could bring change and healing and restoration.
And so is the church.
So is every individual in the church.
And so that's for us, Jesus wants us to see things from his perspective, acknowledging the wrong, but not living in the fear of it.
We call to represent him and not certain factions.
And so living out of that relationship is how we're going to minister and come
into any context within a piece and live in that joy.
It is the way that we're going to be able to face the challenges that this new era brings.
Our good Christian life can so easily distract us from our relationship with Jesus.
And so it's never too late to plug into the source.
And let me just finish with this.
Maybe you've never even begun a relationship with Jesus.
Or maybe it's a way back there and it's been a while since you and he sat down together to have a chat.
And that's okay because every one of us has either had to come to him or come back to him.
That's okay.
You know something's missing and you've tried so hard to make your life work.
Today is a great day to begin a new adventure, having a relationship with Christ and having that terrible thirst
that we often don't even know we have, but it's dog dust for so long, having it satisfied.
And so if that's you, I know that afterwards there'll be prayer out here at the front, there will be people willing to pray for you.
And if you're somebody that feels like, yeah, I need to begin the adventure or I need to begin it again, there's going to be people who are going to love to pray for you.
And they don't think they're better than you because they've done it too.
Father, in the name of Jesus, we stand together in you, not having a righteousness of our own, which comes from the law, from our systems, from the lives that we've tried to develop and build for ourselves, but from you, from Jesus Christ, the righteous one, not having a righteousness of our own, but that which is through faith in Jesus Christ.
Lord, I pray that as we enter this
dramatic new era that the world has come into.
I ask for God that you will help us know what it is to represent you, the incarnation of God, who came to earth not to take sides, but to bring life.
We pray that you will anoint us for remembering that when we get out of alignment.
We can just come back again.
knowing that you don't blame us, you just welcome us.
So Lord, we're so grateful to You.
I pray richness of blessing on this church in Jesus' name.
Amen.